Update file-watch.md: add ignore attribute path (#21820)
docker/docs: content/manuals/compose/how-tos/file-watch.md

{{< include "compose/watch.md" >}}

`watch` adheres to the following file path rules:

> * All paths are relative to the project directory, apart from ignore path

Reviewer: `ignore` aren't path but file pattern to exclude from the sync
```suggestion
* All paths are relative to the project directory, apart from ignore file patterns
```

* `target: /app/static` -> `/app/static/index.html`
* `target: /assets` -> `/assets/index.html`

### `ignore`

> The `ignore` paths are relative to the `path` defined in the same `watch` rule, not to the project directory. In the following Example  1, the ignore path would be relative to the `./web` directory specified in the `path` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ignore` patterns are relative to the `path` defined in the current `watch` action, not to the project directory. In the following Example  1, the ignore path would be relative to the `./web` directory specified in the `path` attribute.
```
